docs: fix typos (#271)
safe-global/safe-docs: safe-core-api/rpc-requirements.md

That's not written in stone. Tx service has some environment variables that can be configured to set a limit on the number of blocks that are processed together (`ETH_EVENTS_BLOCK_PROCESS_LIMIT_MAX`), but the default behaviour is trying to detect the best configuration for every network similar to how [TCP congestion control](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/TCP_congestion_control) works.Indexer tries to process a low number of blocks (currently 50). Depending on that:

> * If request takes **less than 1 second**, node can process more. Number of blocks to fetch is duplicated for the next request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the request takes **less than 1 second**, the node can process more. The number of blocks to fetch is duplicated for the next request.
```

> * If request takes **less than 3 seconds**, number of blocks to process are incremented by a small amount (currently 20).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the request takes **less than 3 seconds**, the number of blocks to process is incremented by a small amount (currently 20).
```

> * If request takes **more than 20 seconds**, number of blocks to process are decremented by a small amount (currently 20).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the request takes **more than 20 seconds**, the number of blocks to process is decremented by a small amount (currently 20).
```

> * If request takes **more than 30 seconds**, number of blocks to process are halved.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the request takes **more than 30 seconds**, the number of blocks to process is halved.
```
